BIGRAM
1  "Which the first time and the first time and the first time and the first time."
2  "The first time and the first time and the first time and the first time."
3  "Taxpayers have been a few years ago the first time and the first time."
4  "Stress on the first time and the first time and the first time and the first time."
5  "Company and the first time and the first time and the first time and the first time."
6  "Replacing the first time and the first time and the first time and the first time."
7  "Yesteryear when the first time and the first time and the first time."
8  "Romantics chiefly in the first time and the first time and the first time."
9  "Attribute one of the first time and the first time and the first time."
10 "Retail sales of the first time and the first time and the first time."

TRIGRAM
11 "Player's: Ball player as they were in the world of the United States."
12 "A few minutes later the house of representatives of the United States ..."
13 "Swallow a magic sense of the United States."
14 "... travelled with Maxwell, and gave him a little more than a hundred years."
15 "... an old man, and a half hour later the house of representatives of the United States ..."
16 "A good deal of time the wash wheel was started by a New York City."
17 "By the time of the United States."
18 "The first time in the world."
19 "In the world of the United States."
20 "Mike Deegan was boiling, on the other hand ..."

BI_TRI_GRAM
21 "The rotated curve with the operational worth, but what had been promptly commandeered and taken by the criminal courts."
22 "We have worry about why then the figures have been explored."
23 "It was like the old man, for the bullet had penetrated in the dressed state."
24 "Low-ceilinged structure of the seasonal adjustment takes into consideration such factors as the professional golfers association."
25 "The incentives we place before them is quite primitive."
26 "... Christiana and Delaware, except that the Beowulf poet may have been drawn from the Bivouac of the whirling Dervish, and you are competing only against manufacturers in the disintegration of this subject."
27 "International law and of the questionnaire were mailed; a follow-up airmail postcard was sent to the cop."
28 "Unhappy and obviously virile men performing with incredible grace."
29 "Look hard, you can be estimated only by the swollen smoothness of polished rosaries."
30 "Find out about all other documents correspondence memoranda, and other mineralized or chemically charged water."

BI_TRI_GRAM_WEIGHTED
31 "Their language is rich in color and life."
32 "I have been found, the razor into the centrifuge, which had been sitting too long."
33 "He kneeled and reached around the Chamber of Commerce, from the light of the obstacles to the conscious desires and concerns."
34 "Figs, 1 or 2 teaspoons grated onion, dash of pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, 8 frankfurters; combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan; heat thoroughly; add ham; heat; serve on buns."
35 "... Rod and Dan as their interpreter, and myself."
36 "... without batting her calm blue eyes, and Jack would see her now out of the character of the chorus."
37 "A spanish father and Joan Collins, both in the British coal industry, is producing it."
38 "You abstracted seventeen ivory metal wood and plastic components?"
39 "She was afraid of the Deller consort could be diminished, sufficiently interfering with slavery in the aeration unit."
40 "It was vacation time, and let us assume that."

HUMAN_SENTENCES
41 "If she runs around with other men, and if you hate her as you say, why not just divorce her?"
42 "This is a problem, but we are not divided over its importance or by its existence."
43 "Motion-picture exhibitions took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny arcade which can still be found in such urban areas as Times Square."
44 "Mickey was on his knees when Roberts turned on the stairs ..."
45 "... above the patter of the rain shortly after I had fallen into a fitful sleep."
46 "The presence of parasitic organisms such as Trichinella Spiralis in pork introduces another factor which must be dealt with in food processing."
47 "He ran for the sick room, found his pistol was broken, and threw it away."
48 "Big and dark, a melting, golden brown."
49 "As he points out, a religious group cannot exist without a collective credo."
50 "... or who ingested strange objects, like live fish."
